lost corners consist of charcoal
paintings with pastel on paper and
canvas the series shows landmarks places
and objects which we are so used to that
we do not really see them anymore we
would only notice if they would
disappear when it is too late
most of the charcoal paintings you have
a desolate atmosphere enhanced by the
limited range of color consisting mostly
of tinted Gray's with the deep black of
charcoal while showing rather an active
scenery with no humans in sight
there is nevertheless a suggestion of
life somehow these places look as if
action can start any minute
soon the car might drive by a crane
starts working a railway bridge may
tumble
and click into place however some of the
artwork contains people but always in
transit moving from one place to the
other
and then we have the train and tube
stations devoid of people or other signs
of life except for the suggestion of a
train coming in just outside the view
throwing a deep shadow over the platform
or simply a frozen moment things you
notice while waiting your eyes wander
over the power lines the iron
constructions and other things you
otherwise might neglect and finally
there are the series of bridges seen
from below in no-man's land where people
do not venture unless they are lost or
homeless lost cornice is a reflective
type of artwork series that doesn't seek
to trigger high emotions it simply wants
to show the hidden pearls in the
ordinary if you are interested you can
have a look at the artwork in detail on
www.fullprinting.com on
you